           Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire – J.K. Rowling

           On the landing, Frank turned right, and saw at once

           where the intruders were: At the very end of the

           passage a door stood ajar, and a flickering light shone

           through the gap, casting a long sliver of gold across

           the black floor. Frank edged closer and closer,

           grasping his walking stick firmly. Several feet from

           the entrance, he was able to see a narrow slice of the

           room beyond.

           The fire, he now saw, had been lit in the grate. This

           surprised him. Then he stopped moving and listened

           intently, for a man’s voice spoke within the room; it

           sounded timid and fearful.

           “There is a little more in the bottle, My Lord, if you

           are still hungry.”

           “Later,” said a second voice. This too belonged to a

           man — but it was strangely high-pitched, and cold as

           a sudden blast of icy wind. Something about that

           voice made the sparse hairs on the back of Frank’s

           neck stand up. “Move me closer to the fire, Wormtail.”




www.ztcprep.com
           Frank turned his right ear toward the door, the better

           to hear. There came the clink of a bottle being put

           down upon some hard surface, and then the dull

           scraping noise of a heavy chair being dragged across

           the floor. Frank caught a glimpse of a small man, his

           back to the door, pushing the chair into place. He was

           wearing a long black cloak, and there was a bald

           patch at the back of his head. Then he went out of

           sight again.

           “Where is Nagini?” said the cold voice.

           “I — I don’t know, My Lord,” said the first voice

           nervously. “She set out to explore the house, I think.

           …”

           Page|8

           Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire – J.K. Rowling

           “You will milk her before we retire, Wormtail,” said the second voice. “I
           will need feeding in the night. The

           journey has tired me greatly.”

           Brow furrowed, Frank inclined his good ear still closer

           to the door, listening very hard. There was a pause,

           and then the man called Wormtail spoke again.



www.ztcprep.com
           “My Lord, may I ask how long we are going to stay

           here?”

           “A week,” said the cold voice. “Perhaps longer. The

           place is moderately comfortable, and the plan cannot

           proceed yet. It would be foolish to act before the

           Quidditch World Cup is over.”

           Frank inserted a gnarled finger into his ear and

           rotated it. Owing, no doubt, to a buildup of earwax,

           he had heard the word “Quidditch,” which was not a

           word at all.

           “The — the Quidditch World Cup, My Lord?” said

           Wormtail. (Frank dug his finger still more vigorously

           into his ear.) “Forgive me, but — I do not understand

           — why should we wait until the World Cup is over?”

           “Because, fool, at this very moment wizards are

           pouring into the country from all over the world, and

           every meddler from the Ministry of Magic will be on

           duty, on the watch for signs of unusual activity,

           checking and double-checking identities. They will be

           obsessed with security, lest the Muggles notice




www.ztcprep.com
           anything. So we wait.”

           Frank stopped trying to clear out his ear. He had

           distinctly heard the words “Ministry of Magic,”

           “wizards,” and “Muggles.” Plainly, each of these

           expressions meant something secret, and Frank could

           think of only two sorts of people who would speak in

           Page|9

           Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire – J.K. Rowling

           code: spies and criminals. Frank tightened his hold on his walking stick
           once more, and listened more

           closely still.

           “Your Lordship is still determined, then?” Wormtail

           said quietly.

           “Certainly I am determined, Wormtail.” There was a

           note of menace in the cold voice now.

           A slight pause followed — and then Wormtail spoke,

           the words tumbling from him in a rush, as though he

           was forcing himself to say this before he lost his

           nerve.

           “It could be done without Harry Potter, My Lord.”

           Another pause, more protracted, and then —



www.ztcprep.com
           “Without Harry Potter?” breathed the second voice

           softly. “I see …”

           “My Lord, I do not say this out of concern for the boy!”

           said Wormtail, his voice rising squeakily. “The boy is

           nothing to me, nothing at all! It is merely that if we

           were to use another witch or wizard — any wizard —

           the thing could be done so much more quickly! If you

           allowed me to leave you for a short while — you know

           that I can disguise myself most effectively — I could

           be back here in as little as two days with a suitable

           person —”

           “I could use another wizard,” said the cold voice

           softly, “that is true. …”

           “My Lord, it makes sense,” said Wormtail, sounding

           thoroughly relieved now. “Laying hands on Harry

           Potter would be so difficult, he is so well protected —”

           P a g e | 10

           Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire – J.K. Rowling

           “And so you volunteer to go and fetch me a

           substitute? I wonder … perhaps the task of nursing




www.ztcprep.com
           me has become wearisome for you, “Wormtail? Could

           this suggestion of abandoning the plan be nothing

           more than an attempt to desert me?”

           “My Lord! I — I have no wish to leave you, none at all

           —”

           “Do not lie to me!” hissed the second voice. “I can

           always tell, Wormtail! You are regretting that you ever

           returned to me. I revolt you. I see you flinch when you

           look at me, feel you shudder when you touch me. …”

           “No! My devotion to Your Lordship —”

           “Your devotion is nothing more than cowardice. You

           would not be here if you had anywhere else to go.

           How am I to survive without you, when I need feeding

           every few hours? Who is to milk Nagini?”

           “But you seem so much stronger, My Lord —”

           “Liar,” breathed the second voice. “I am no stronger,

           and a few days alone would be enough to rob me of

           the little health I have regained under your clumsy

           care. Silence!”

           Wormtail, who had been sputtering incoherently, fell




www.ztcprep.com
           silent at once. For a few seconds, Frank could hear

           nothing but the fire crackling. Then the second man

           spoke once more, in a whisper that was almost a hiss.

           “I have my reasons for using the boy, as I have

           already explained to you, and I will use no other. I

           have waited thirteen years. A few more months will

           make no difference. As for the protection surrounding

           the boy, I believe my plan will be effective. All that is

           needed is a little courage from you, Wormtail —

           P a g e | 11

           Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire – J.K. Rowling

           courage you will find, unless you wish to feel the full extent of Lord
           Voldemort’s wrath —”

           “My Lord, I must speak!” said Wormtail, panic in his

           voice now. “All through our journey I have gone over

           the plan in my head — My Lord, Bertha Jorkins’s

           disappearance will not go unnoticed for long, and if

           we proceed, if I murder —”

           “If?” whispered the second voice. “If? If you follow the

           plan, Wormtail, the Ministry need never know that

           anyone else has died. You will do it quietly and



www.ztcprep.com
           without fuss; I only wish that I could do it myself, but

           in my present condition … Come, Wormtail, one more

           death and our path to Harry Potter is clear. I am not

           asking you to do it alone. By that time, my faithful

           servant will have rejoined us —”

           “I am a faithful servant,” said Wormtail, the merest

           trace of sullenness in his voice.

           “Wormtail, I need somebody with brains, somebody

           whose loyalty has never wavered, and you,

           unfortunately, fulfill neither requirement.”

           “I found you,” said Wormtail, and there was definitely

           a sulky edge to his voice now. “I was the one who

           found you. I brought you Bertha Jorkins.”

           “That is true,” said the second man, sounding

           amused. “A stroke of brilliance I would not have

           thought possible from you, Wormtail — though, if

           truth be told, you were not aware how useful she

           would be when you caught her, were you?”

           “I — I thought she might be useful, My Lord —”

           “Liar,” said the second voice again, the cruel




www.ztcprep.com
           amusement more pronounced than ever. “However, I

           P a g e | 12

           Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire – J.K. Rowling

           do not deny that her information was invaluable.

           Without it, I could never have formed our plan, and

           for that, you will have your reward, Wormtail. I will

           allow you to perform an essential task for me, one

           that many of my followers would give their right

           hands to perform. …”

           “R-really, My Lord? What — ?” Wormtail sounded

           terrified again.

           “Ah, Wormtail, you don’t want me to spoil the

           surprise? Your part will come at the very end … but I

           promise you, you will have the honor of being just as

           useful as Bertha Jorkins.”

           “You … you …” Wormtail’s voice suddenly sounded

           hoarse, as though his mouth had gone very dry. “You

           … are going … to kill me too?”

           “Wormtail, Wormtail,” said the cold voice silkily, “why

           would I kill you? I killed Bertha because I had to. She




www.ztcprep.com
           was fit for nothing after my questioning, quite

           useless. In any case, awkward questions would have

           been asked if she had gone back to the Ministry with

           the news that she had met you on her holidays.

           Wizards who are supposed to be dead would do well

           not to run into Ministry of Magic witches at wayside

           inns. …”

           Wormtail muttered something so quietly that Frank

           could not hear it, but it made the second man laugh

           — an entirely mirthless laugh, cold as his speech.

           “We could have modified her memory? But Memory

           Charms can be broken by a powerful wizard, as I

           proved when I questioned her. It would be an insult to

           her memory not to use the information I extracted

           from her, Wormtail.”

           P a g e | 13

           Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire – J.K. Rowling

           Out in the corridor, Frank suddenly became aware

           that the hand gripping his walking stick was slippery

           with sweat. The man with the cold voice had killed a




www.ztcprep.com
